secrets of being assertive see you in a
minute I'm going to start reason because
John and Tim here they turn the country
courtesy of that famous vodka from
Barrington firm the show has a good
cocktail
basically you do all the business all
the juggling of the cocktail with
customers this is a Royal Lagoon I did
the cruise to get around the ice tea
dusty that's exactly thank you very much
I need it I need it here's everyone a
wonderful weekend it's really good we're
gonna be back on Monday with how to make
your living out of modeling even if
you're not exactly an oil painting and
the chance to enter our ugly mug contest
will also be playing walks my line
weekend home he'll be rustling up
romantic dinner for two Chinese styles
every day you know I'm Simon luck
talking Dale's gonna be here to talk
about his latest film I'm probably
eating sorry Klondike Kate the female
wrestler there's someone who won't need
any assertiveness training goodbye have
a lovely weekend well I'll have some
beer bye